Hello, how are my neighbors killed ?
upstairs they are playing music for
like five hours I would be angry but in
music reality that I like it
will ask why we have lived the
last week and why is I am
going up two or three days late and it's
because I'm on vacation at the time
shine or at least to make life
social when I'm not sleeping 12
hours this video is a collaboration already
that the makeup part and the stalker
will do the part of nails and I will leave you a
link for that at the end of this video
I wanted to do something dramatic a makeup
really with a Christmas tree if
they want me to do a tutorial of something
truly usable or less traumatic can I
do it but let's be honest dramatic
it's more fun so I do not understand why
what they have a usable especially
so he does not have colorful hair like
I here already applied the first tale is very
important that you use a primer to
that the shadows are not going to run
then metro l1 and l4 of the tub that are
just a matt white and a white
pearled and I'm going to apply it under the
eyebrow arch as illuminator with a
coffee
warm medium and brush
blur I'm going to apply it in the basin
do not worry if they arrive very
up or if they touch the mobile eyelid
there is no problem and for the eyelid
mobile I'm going to use this gold of
latina and that vibrant yellow of things
sense
I will use a little bit of this coffee with
a brush blur smaller and what
I'll put in the basin or above the
basin and again blur everything with the
jumbo and thought there's an angular gap I'm going
to make a line at the bottom
it does not have to be perfect and it does not matter
If it's not so thin, you can do it with
thick you want if it has that
sense
and on top of that apply a vibrant green and so on
it's what it looks like now I'll take one more green
dark to give more definition and what
I'm going to apply in a diagonal line to
that comes out a little bit and also for
get right in the middle and blur a
little in the middle ends the
eye makeup with a delineated with
tail and a lot of little eyelash at the same time
use this prohibition micos meres
or use any eye and it helped me
always a brush of a little bit of
bronzer and pretty natural favor
and that's all, although I feel that in the
camera does not look as good as in life
real because let me tell you that in the
real life half fabulous seriously I hope
that you really liked this video and
I wanted to let you know that although not
I can promise you that all
Wednesday I will be uploading videos now
so on vacation I'll try to
I do not want to like me disappear
one month and then come back with the videos
because in June not your videos like 12
months then I will deal with all the
Wednesday upload to the video and one or two
Friday
remember to follow me on my social networks
like twitter instagram facebook
subscribe to this and my main channel
and finalize on my facebook page the
album where the makeups are
assumptions not tested on animals that
I sell that by the way they can also
find them in nail of tokyo that is
where my hair will follow me but I'll leave
all that and more information in the
description remember to click on the
video of the connoisseur who will see in a
second a kiss until the next video
everyone
ah